---
layout: post
title: "Reset"
date: 2018-08-26
---
This morning I reset all of my progress on [FreeCodeCamp](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/). On purpose. Sometimes you just need a clean slate, you know? A fresh start.

I restarted my coding journey (again) recently. I set a goal of doing at least 10 minutes of code a day a few weeks ago, and I've stuck with it. I like small goals. They're easy to stick with *and* they're easy to surpass. Most days, I probably spend more than ten minutes doing something code-related. So I'm pretty satisfied with this latest restart.

Which leads to my decision to reset my FCC progress. I'm feeling good about this attempt. I have a Plan. Most of that plan involves learning Ruby, but refreshing and improving my HTML and CSS skills *and* learning Javascript are a major part of it. Hence the need for FCC despite my focus on Ruby.

As I was working on my Plan, I kept looking at all of the Javascript lessons I completed on FCC way back when and going, "...okay, how much of that do I actually remember?" I knew that the answer was probably, "Not much." JS and I have never really clicked, and it's been so long since I did those exercises that I'd just have to do them again anyway.

There's something refreshing about a nice, clean restart, and having a little less past weighing you down. It becomes easier to see where you need to go. No more "Oh, I've done this before" flashing neon in front of you, casting the wrong colors all over and obscuring the path. Everything's clear and crisp, ready for a new day.

I'm looking forward to diving even deeper into this new start.