---
layout: post
title: "Hello"
date: 2018-07-07
---
It's been so long since I updated this thing that I barely even remember how to do it.

Not long after my last post, I got a job&mdash;at none of the places I mentioned applying to previously. A position opened up at my local newspaper, and that's where I ended up. I proofread a lot of stuff, I keep up with the "Public Notices" (the foreclosure notices and stuff) that go in the paper, and I answer phones and do some other stuff. It's part-time and for only minimum wage, but it's close to home, and it's not very high pressure&mdash;stuff I needed.

I haven't kept up with coding since I was hired&mdash;since before I was hired, actually. Which is a shame. I need to pick it up again. I *want* to pick it up again. I enjoyed it. And it sucks that I never finished 30 Days, 30 Sites or Daily CSS Images. My stuff was all a bit rudimentary, but it had potential.

I suspect what I need is a more structured plan of action. And to get rid of some of the damn annoying fade effects on this site. What was I thinking?

...oh, right. It was a "Hey, I learned a new trick! Let me slap it all over my blog!" thing. \*goes into main.css and deletes a little code\* There. Better. And I still remember how to escape characters! Sweet.

I wonder if one day I'll be able to say something like, "I always come back to three things: Writing, art, and coding," and have it be true. Only the writing and art part is true right now. Even when I haven't written or done anything artistic in a while, I *know* that eventually I'll do something creative. I'd like to *know* that I'll always come back to code, too.

Considering that I've been slightly dabbling with code for as long as I've had an internet connection, I might be able to say that I always come back to it, too.

Anyway, if anyone's reading this, hi there! I'm still alive. I just let coding fall to the wayside for a little while. But I haven't given up on it yet, and I don't intend to give up on it. I'd like to dive back into it again.

Right now, I'm thinking I'll hit the FreeCodeCamp beta&mdash;unless the new course is out of beta now? I haven't kept up with it. But it seems like a good place to start. And then I'll go from there.

Now, let's see if I can figure out the Git commands to get this post online...